
LNX Operating System Kernel Specification - Copyright (C) 2020 Joseph C.
		All Rights Reserved.
The boot-manager (BOOTLDR) consists of two separate files: BOOTCDR for
ISO-9660 only mediums, and BOOTLDR. for MBR formatted mediums. Both are
analogous to eachother, expect for the fact that BOOTCDR understands
ISO-9660 formatted discs, and BOOTLDR only understands MBR formatted
disks.

LEGACY BIOS BOOT:

The Master Boot Record (MBR) on the formatted medium consists of one
entire sector (512 bytes, typically). The MBR relocates itself to lower
memory (logical-address 0060:0), determines the bootable, or "active"
partition on the disk, loads the VBR (Volume Boot Record) from the
active partition to logical-address 07C0:0, and transfers CPU execution.

The VBR (Volume Boot Record) contains the actual code for loading
BOOTLDR into memory, and is located at the start of the MBR's active
partition. The VBR consists of 16 entire sectors, with the remaining
unused sectors zero-filled (mainly so that the VBR can be expanded
upon in the future, if necessary, without worry about updating the
reserved sectors value on the boot record).

The VBR carries out the following tasks:

	- Test for system BIOS extensions; if not supported,
	  then terminate startup.
	- Load, into memory, BOOTLDR contiguously.
	- Transfer execution to BOOTLDR.

For BOOTLDR on MBR formatted drives, it's located in the partition's
root directory (not to be confused with the root directory on a FAT 16
and 12. formatted drives).

ISO-9660:

tHE startup file is loaded from the CD's Boot Catalog (right now, only
i386 is supported), and transfers execution to the startup file. The
startup file then carries out the following tasks:

	- Test for system BIOS extensions; if not supported,
	  then terminate startup.
	- Relocate startup-file to end of conventional memory.
	- Load, into memory, BOOTLDR to logical address 0060:0.
	- Transfer execution to BOOTLDR.

Please review the following documents:

- BOOTLDR.TXT for BOOTLDR information
- KERNEL.TXT for microkernel, drivers, kernel-services, etc etc.
